Thrilling Experience	Nice treking for about 1km. you need to climb down on rocky, mud, very narrow paths. Aged persons require additional care.

Worth the effort	It is a long drive and 1 KM walk (gets steep towards the end and with kids might be little tough). But the end result is worth it. Be careful about the slippery rocks when you step into the water.

Nice place	It is a normal water fall and you can spend some time here. Not recommended for senior citizen as some part of the treking is quite tedious.

Great Fun	we visited the soochippara falls after trekking chembra peak. It was a great experience. ! Feels like a spa.

Maybe more impressive closer to monsoon season!	I think we might have caught it too far after the monsoon season because when we got there (after about 40 mins on foot on sometimes pretty rocky terrain) I think we were too knackered to be impressed! It was quite beautiful but not as big as I was expecting. I think if I had known, I probably wouldn't have gone but I know they didn't get massive rainfall this autumn.

mesmerising views....	One of the best places to visit in wayanad... the waterfalls.. u should get into it to understand the great feeling....

Good and Decent place	You can get the real feeling of the falls only once you stand under the fall..... But there is no proper place for changing so you might want to give it a thought....

Worth the visit!!	There are about 3-4 falls in Wayanad and we were told that this was the best. There is about 2 odd kms to walk here, not as much as Edakkal Caves and not that tiring. We went on a weekend and because of this all the attractions we visited were very crowded. This falls is worth a visit!!!

Water fall !	The road could be better ! The water fall is worth taking a dip into , but I think the water was too cold to dare do that !

worth a place of visit	while going it is not that difficult terrain; once you reach there, the water fall really mesmerizes you.. with such a force it comes down; you forget every thing... if you are in wayanad and if you don't go to this place, you missed something....

Place for the Fun & Trek	Soochippara Water was excellent location, Crowd is always very few in the Weekends. Please pack your food item and you can enjoy the your Piknic. Forest Ranger are guarding that area so i hope this place will be Safe n Secure for the Family. and Risky to take in bath in Monsoon time.

Nov-12	enjoyable, plenty of water, manageable with kids. was not too crowded either. even the drive among tea plantation was good

Access	The approach road is narrow and care needed with larger vehicles. Not much parking space at the base and tough to find the falls with minimal directions and the end results is average

Scenic	The falls is nothing extra ordinary, but quite good if you like to take bath. Extremely safe to take bath and there are keepers there who would guide you to what to do and what not to do. They dont allow packets of chips etc and check you thoroughly so that you dont litter.  1. Entrance fees of 15 per adult and Still camera fee of 30. 2. You get towels, shorts etc there. 3. Lime soda, maggi noodles, sugar cane juice etc quite good as well :) 4. Steep 1KM walk and pretty difficult if you are a senior or a guy with a dodgy knee. 5. Bathroom/toilet facilities available at 1KM from the falls.  Overall, a good place to visit and preferably visit during a working day. Weekends can get extremely crowded.

Must visit place	Beautiful place to visit. Walk of about 1.5km inside judge takes you to see the waterfall. Lot f monkeys ad hence be careful of not exposing food stuffs you are carrying.

Ashfeerka	there are three falls, but the major fall is the most beautiful one. it is also an excellent one. the open bath in the fall can be a great experience in our life.

Soochippara falls	Scenic. The walk to the falls may be difficult for seniors. Drive to reach the falls may be difficult if you have inexperienced drivers.

Painful walk	It is a painful walk, you need to go down around 200fts and there are no proper stairs, walway. Kerala government is fooling by charging money for it. Later you need to walk up a steep climb. Tough ask, the falls are good but very small place to enjoy.

Cascading waters	From the parking spot, you would need to walk about 1km or so to reach the waterfall. The view at the end is though well worth this.  Not many good eating options (Veg) around the place though.

Nice Experience	Soochipara Falls ( Sentinel Rock Waterfalls) is a spectacular three-tiered waterfalls in Vellarimala, Wayanad. Only Soochipara waterfalls is opened now and other falls (Kathanpara and Meenmutty) are closed due to accidents.  Positive: One of the good falls in Wayanad and its worth to spend time here. 15-20 minute drive from Meppadi to Sentinel Rock Waterfalls offers scenic views of some of the best tea estates in Wayanad.  Negative: There is no cloak room and no facility to change the dress. You need to have good driving skills to reach here as it’s a hilly place.

Massaged by the rushing stream of water	Likes: The 1km trek to the waterfall was good and playing in the water and getting massaged by the forceful water falling on the body was excellent. Dislike: Too crowded. Rain may play spoilsport.  Tip: Don't be shy, just remove your clothes and enjoy the water.

Amazing waterfall...	Its a good trek but trust me the waterfall is worth it, you can play in the water, so go equipped with your swimming gear...

Soochippara falls	Nice trip. You got to walk some distance, lots of spiders on the way. Once you get to the rocks you can find some 2,3 spots of water gushing through the boulders

Pretty Standard Fare	This waterfall is lovely, in the way that all waterfalls of this size are. It's not particularly large, quite average for the sort I am used to seeing in the UK - still, very nice.  I didn't see any opportunity to bathe as there was a groundskeeper when we visited (probably about 11am), lots of people, and litter - it didn't feel like the kind of place to set up camp and spend time.  The walk to and from was paved and pleasant, though probably not suitable for the unfit or unfirm - the walk back is quite steep, and the ground can be wet, slippery and difficult to navigate at times.  There was an entrance and parking fee, though both were nominal and since the money goes towards the upkeep of the grounds I feels reasonable.  The most impressive part for me was the view from the top, near the car park - that was really dramatic.

Good falls	You have to walk about 2 km and go down.Good falls but not extrordinery.But definitly worth seeing.You may enjoy taking bath.No danger

A good place to visit	Good place to visit in Wayanad. Some other big wateralls in Wayanad are closed due to safety issues.

Nice Place	The Location of this place is very good. Neatly maintained. 15 mins of walk will lead you to the falls.

One of the best Tourist Point in Wayanad	I had a choice between Soochipara Falls and Meenmutti Falls due to limited time and I chose the former based on the reviews at tripadvisor which made me realised that Meenmutti falls might be difficult to reach for my wife at least.  I started at around 11.30 from Pepper Groove where I was staying following my google maps GPS navigation by my Samsung Galaxy S3 which is really a boon always driving to unknown places. But this time it gave me a false location though it was on the way to falls. After that we relied on the age old technique for navigation- asking people by the road- we reached Meppadi (12 kms away from tht place which supposed to be the Soochipara according to Google Maps) and falls were about another 10 kms from Meppadi. Looking behind I am greatful to GPS navigation due to which I could see some nice inside views of the scenaries and tea plantation on that road to Meppadi. The last one km to the falls was tricky from driving point of view particularly the last steep slope up to parking point.  You get the entry tickets at parking point itself and few meters away is the checking point for tickets and other stuff. From the checking point it is about 1 km walk down hill and few slippery and tricky steps to reach the falls. To reach to the water of the falls you have to walk down the slippery stones where one needs to be careful. There is a rope which one can hold to avoid slipping.  The place was crowded like hell as I reached the spot around 1.30 PM. You can enjoy it best if you reach there early... preferably around 10 am. We just enjoyed the falls visually and did not enter the waters because of the crowd.  Verdict- This is one must visit place in Wayanad.

Nice Falls!!!	Very good flow and pace.. The more we went nearer, it almost slapped us with its spray.. Excellent waterfalls.. Neatly maintained.. Have to get down to reach the falls and it was easy, but have to climb back up which was slightly difficult..

Nice water falls	Dislike: Had to walk long distance to reach the place. Like: Good view during the raining season, gushing waters

Super fine shower at the nature's lap	Soochippara Falls (Sentinel Rock Waterfall) is around 45 Min drive from Kalpetta, Wayanad town center. After reaching the Tourist Counter near the falls one has to walk for 30+ Min down the hill to reach falls. Walking back , up the hill will take 45min with some pit stops. This location is best visited between 9 AM to 11 AM and it gets very crowded after that. Extreme caution : Slippery rocks near the falls and the presence of Leeches during rainy conditions.

Good natural beauty but too crowdy	It was a good place, a waterfall right middle on the road. However, as most of the tourist destinations in India, place was crowded like hell. Plenty of people spoiling the beauty of the place in a rush to have their snaps in front of the fall (guys enjoy the beauty of the place that's the memory you are going to savor not some stupid photos).....

Nice place.	Likes: great falls. Nice scenery. Dislikes: no proper security arrangement. Go at day time only if with females.

splendourous	they climb down to reach them and the climb up is really fantastic, they falls are splendid, deserves a visit whenever u go to Wayanad

Good place	Falls is amazing and its little tricky to get down to falls because of the slippery stones. Also there is steep climb back which can keep u gasping for breath if your not used to. As with every tourist places, this place also has lot of plastic litter everywhere . Travelers should refrain from polluting this place and help preserve nature.

One of the Very good waterfalls in Wayanad	We had to walk more than 1km and 130+ uneven steps to reach the Waterfall but it is very much worth it. Senior Citizens might find it very difficult to cross the last 15 or so steps to reach the waterfull.

nice waterfall	Nice water fall, enjoy nature at its best. Awesome senery. sure gonna enjoy the waterfalls.. within 30km in range of kalpetta.

Good place	Nice falls but a little too crowded. Its a good trek of a kilometer or so but you will really love after going down there

Worth the effort	After the ticket counter there is a downward slope of 1.5 Kms you have to walk to reach the falls. Its a nice place to take bath in milky white water. You can also drink some pure mountain water from the flow. You can enjoy the serenity of the place by just sitting there for sometime and let the sprinkles carried by the wind from the falls wet you.  The real difficulty is coming back. After taking bath and enjoying for some time you have to climb up the steep slope of 1.5 Kms. There are really good tea, lemon juice, soda etc. available near the entry point. Some good spices are also available to buy.

soochipara waterfalls	This waterfall is located near to Mappadi just a diversion from gudallur and Ooty road . the falls is very look good but you have to walk to very steep the persons who aged is not recommendable .

Good mesmerizing falls	The road to this place has very good scenary and road quality is also good. One point to note is that one has to walk for about 1 km from parking to view the falls. Also can not take bath (forest officials posted below the falls). But the huge gush of falls will appeal to anyone. Overall a good tourist place for the route, scenary and waterfalls.

Nice park!	We liked everything! The path is nicely kept and beautifully cobble-paved. The waterfalls are very beautiful, the water hits the bottom with an amazing force. The way there is also nice, trhough tea and coffee plantations.

Hardcore Nature !	Excellent water flow with current generation, very chill and good for health as its comes with by touching the roots of natural herbal plants.

Long height but nt very heavy water stream..hv to walk a bit	You have to walk 2 km down to reach the fall ,area near fall is little difficult ( no proper path). The height of fall is good but the water stream is just average. If you have seen other water fall of kerala like Athirapally and of munnar falls , it will not excite you...  if you are fall lover & doesn't mind walking 2KM than its worth to go otherwise can be avoided.

beautiful place !!!! but have to walk a bit !!!	it was a nice experience to the falls , bike ride and a mile trek to the falls. the path is well maintined so reachin the falls is fun as its a decent but climbin up huffs n puffs out of u !!! the falls r really awesome. jus cld nt stop from takin a bath n the chilly water is jus wow !!!

Soochippara Visit	Very nice falls, rapid currents, descent and climb of 1.5 km is tough, no proper rooms to change near the falls

Beautifull View	The view is great. Steps are to big, and slippery. Once you are there..... it is heaven

good trekk	watchout u need to walk 1 km down the steep paths. Water is low during the summers. But bath underneath the fall is great and memorable. Difficult for elderly people.. the timing are till 5:30 pm in the evening.

Nice trek...	The Trek is more than what is said on the board but the end result is super... Lovely view... icey cool water and a natural pedicure on the rocks... The security guards are strict but are friendly too. the shops are nice and have really good stuff and can be bargained for a pretty good price.

Soochippara	Excellent place nice to play in the water though it is very rocking and slippery. Reaching this place is about 1.5 kms trekking and 130 to 140 steps down hill preferred time to visit would be early in the morning when the crowd is less

I wish i had seen it in winter	Lucky for i was able to trek easily as it was summer and the path was not slippery, but no so lucky as the water in the falls was not very thick, although we could have a bath to beat the summer heat.... You will definitely need a good set of shoes to trek this place

Sentinel Rock/Soochippara falls	Awesome place. Trek to the falls is a little hectic but worth the effort. Approximately 1-2 kms of walk from the car park area. The walk down to the falls is easy, but returning is a little steep and slippery and tiring. Lots of greenery and great place for a day out. We had excellent veg food at a nearby eat out for Rs.50. There are home stays for 1500/night. Cleanliness around the area must be improved. But this place makes a refreshing day out. The shopping strip people are very cordial and they let us change for a nominal fee in one of the empty shops.

beautiful place...	the place was surrounded by greenery and was quite beautiful. but the cleanliness and distance from the last drivable spot is too much to walk and to add there are too many steps to climb too. the place was overall okay .

Paradise	It will test your stamina to the max- the steps down are gruelling

great walls but less water	The place is lovely, but trek is difficulty and water was less. May be in monsoon it would be majestic. natural beauty is outstanding. There are lots of birds if you observe closely and the water is very clean. Only disappointment was water was very less and was not looking like the photographs we had seen before we came to wayanad

Nice waterfall	A walk of 1 km, down the hill and most of it is in shade and you are treated to a nice view up close of the waterfall. You can get right below for a chilly splash or laze around in the shallow waters. Since we visited in the Feb, almost near the summer. It is quite a contrast to the hot dusty parking area where you are ripped off(yes the charges are pretty high for parking, camera and entry - considering its a place in nature and not a museum or something)

nice waterfalls and a trek point too	soochipara waterfalls is a must see falls and a great trek point too i think group can defn enjoy this place

Excellent	Excellent walk towards the falls... absolutely loved it!

Long trek - Tiring(with kids) but rewarding	The place is beautiful, in the middle of a forest - around 1 km inside and approx. 150 steps downhill.  It will not be an ideal place to visit, with small kids (below 3, option: prepare to carry them) or aged people (option: lots of shops near the parking).  We (me, wife and 2 kids – 3.5 and 1.5 yrs) reached there around 11:00 am on Sunday, 29th Jan 2012. The walk through the rock paved road and the steps will take around 30 min and will be a little exhausting(take a water bottle with you). Even though it was a weekend, the place wasn’t too crowded.  The volume of water was not very high, but ideal for a bath; Never miss the opportunity to have a shower. It will refresh and recharge you. There were security/forest guards to guide us near the waterfall.  Some rocks near the falls are very slippery so crawl a little bit (tip from the guard).

you can have fun bathing here if u like water otherwise nothing spectacular about the falls itself.	visited this place with my family (with 2 children). a bit of a walk from the parking lot although the path is much better than the one at meenmutty. its actually more like a road for most parts. it took about 15-20mins from the main gate to reach the actual falls. here people were having a great time bathing under the fall which was descding from decent height. most people just sit around the rocks wetting their legs in the cool water.  it was late evening by the time we came back to the parking and we were starving. there are several stalls serving hot masala noodles with delicious tea and that really energised us.  overall ok. again, if u have physical issues dont venture too much unless u r mentally prepared.

Moderately high fall.	The roads leading to this waterfall is terrible. I scratched the bottom of my low-clearance Linea a lot on the pitiable roads to the waterfall. The parking spot is not big enough to hold all vehicles in peak season, waited for 1/2 hr to get a spot. You have to trek for 1/2 a km for the falls. Its moderately high waterfall(non-layered). If you are a couple, you cant enjoy much as it will be always crowded.

Nice water falls....after a short trek	After breakfast & having a brief discussion on route to Soochippara falls With Vanchy(Owner, Wynberg Resorts) , me along with my wife Anupama left to Soochippara falls. The route to Soochippara is beautiful , with tea estates on both side of the road. We parked our vehicle in the parking lot of Soochippara.Then we started walking towards the falls. We have to walk for at least 1km to reach the falls. Soochippara falls is beautiful, tiny droplets fall on your face which refreshes you & u feel very much relaxed. The water is shallow & you can swim or play with your friends. After reaching the main area, one can have Egg maggi ,Omlet,sugarcane juices from the restaurants in the area.

It's good	It's good ,Please avoid liquor in this area,from the parking area you have to walk around half kilometer in middle of the forest

Avoid on public holidays	The place gets really crowded and sometimes unsafe on public holidays and weekends. On weekdays though, you'll love everything about the place. The winding drive through the tea-estates, the short trek down to the waterfall and the refreshing touch of clean-cold water.

Nice place when you finally reach	Difficult to access especially the path and steps.. these can be better..Kerala Tourism should spend more money to provide better walking path and steps to reach the Water falls. Otherwise the waterfall is very good !

must visit with swimsuit in tow	great waterfall ! the biggest attraction here is that the water is so shallow that even kids as young as 3 yrs can have a dip if they want to . A bit of trekking to get to the waterfall but manageable for the average adventure ,nature lover maybe not for the elderly .absolute must visit destination in wayanad and dont forget to get your swimsuit ,one of the best waterfalls with shallow waters safe enough for a dip
